hey guys it's Cody it's Sunday just
enjoy my day off working on some models
I'm actually working on two banks doing
some more kit bashing so what I got here
is an old plastic ville model this is
one of the few plastic ville models that
I like you know it looks like one of
those old vintage banks but I got two of
them there's the other one completed and
here's the one I'm currently working on
what I'm doing here right now is just
I'm adding a light all that this has got
the this has got the teller stations the
tables where people can flow through
deposit slips and all that and it has
the tile floor and all that and I'm in
the process of painting the roof and
then I will be painting the interiors
because the most you know if you don't
paint the interiors black well enough
you're like and shine through you know
get a glare out and like your walls and
all that and it looks very unrealistic I
mean it's not going to be all should an
example see I need to put another coat
on that I mean obviously it's not gonna
be a floodlight but even even with a
little white like that you'll still get
some glare through the roof and the side
so I still need to paint all that up but
this has got doors and all that much
closed up better a revolving door at the
front I'm adding this which I will have
probably add a flower bush or something
like that this is got the side and all
that I'll probably all I'm going to add
whatever I drive through and all that
have some cars and all that so that's
what I'm working on today
the other one I got ooh this one is a
lot more detailed than that one this has
this has the sign all that has a flower
bush these are the woodland scenic
apples that uh
you can buy but they look good enough
for a rose bush your flower bush
whatever you want to call it it has an
air unit on top as the car it has the
drive through see with there's the drive
through then it has a another flower
bush and all that back this back door
don't have the back door like that other
one but and then on the interior this
one you see if I can get a good look
into here now there's a side view of the
bank vault you can see it and it's the
other one I got the same things I got
the tables and all that but this one's a
little more this one that got a little
more detailed and it's got the car and
all that and then a black top I used you
can pick this stuff up you can pick this
stuff up up at Ace Hardware you can buy
it on oh it's like dollar 29 a foot but
it comes just like this size so it's
it's actually almost a scale of H so for
roads and all that but it's actually
like a rough sandpaper material which is
used to put on steps so people don't
slip on the ice or whatever but that's
what I use I cut down this and used it
for blacktop and then for the grass I
use this if you're like 25 or older is
that stuff that was popular and of the
early 80s late 70s or whatever that
indoor/outdoor green turf or whatever I
use that for the grass and I don't know
it was cheap didn't cost anything so I
use that and then I have it on all about
a 1/8 of a piece of
would on top but that's a completed one
still need a fasten that door and then
this one should be done the only thing I
don't have in this one like I like I
haven't that one is gonna be the white I
guess I can add one in later but no it's
good enough for now
you know but uh so that's what I'm doing
I'm just gonna I'm gonna finish this one
up add some more details attach this and
then I'm gonna put some people in there
and then get it all lit up and all that
stuff but that's what I'm doing right
now got a couple more videos I'll show
you guys probably either have them look
later tonight or first thing tomorrow
just some more models that I'm kid
bashing and all that but that's what I'm
doing working on that and then as well
as the canyon with the trestle bridge
that I showed you guys yesterday the day
before but other than that that's what
I'm up to and you'll see you guys seen
you